hey guys welcome back to another episode
of the GTA 5 time trial racing now this
one we are at the country having a nice
time we are all right map because
carriage I believe because garage
whoever the north amount Josiah
now where shall we go
well this to couch under let's go to
this los santos customs just south of
the stump playing time trial airstrip
density around there
this should be fun because it's quite a
lot of slow vehicles around here
this guy was rude to me that's what
happens when you're rude to me so don't
do that this is a carry turned up in if
there's what's like wrapping slow
electric so we will not steal that
ambulance
could be fun the old badger pokes their
fun for Baja if you want to be a trick
people
so it's oh that would be nice
as usual the clock will starts in the
moment I open the door
you do this one will do and the clock
will stop when the cutscene starts when
we pull into the garage
yeah this here we go
I got a freaking you eatin because this
is not where I want to be
but damn if trip all right back up the
highway again you didn't have to do this
we can make our own route do what we
like this is probably gonna get a quick
history I'm not gonna get sidetracked by
pretty cars like I was last time I heard
oh my life that was close
how come it was two lanes in the
opposite direction the way now the game
back down it's still two days that make
sense
darkus we're going the same direction
okay
Sheila's heading north
this is a new nice car it's a good
muscle car is fairly quick Google
acceleration
doesn't have a particularly well make
orphans later
there's no better extra fun
see if we can do we can do something
like this where Wow oh geez dude well it
has an entire thing the first person
well he did another one we have to do
the entire thing in that mode movie
camera mode that is fun too for now
ah this is just heavenly heavenly what
are you you're a sexy looking car bit of
that try thinking about it
hello everybody smack this hearing over
the Lord
I love this game so much all right okay
whoa
got the coyote
look
pastor Homer cyclists moley shits
fishtail Mesa survived that somehow
I'm most attracted the most attract
let's go
and and come say miracle did you want me
to perform whoo that was fun
I like that quick one
no major crashes or anything see what
you guys can do to beat that I think and
then we'll be back soon with another one
and I think maybe we'll try the the
movie camera mode next time it's that is
gonna be fun all right